**Review**

My approach to designing software is holistic , combining thorough understanding of user needs, project requirements and having a deep dive into the technological possibilities. For the final project, a 3D scene, I started with the conceptual blueprint, mapping out what the scene would look like. This foundational step ensures that the final product aligns with the envisioned goals in mind. While teaching me the importance of the dynamic interactions and user engagement of camera movements, scrolling in and out, and other features added into my project. Having a good design process of prototyping, testing, gaining feedback (through milestones for instance), and refining. Having this loop allowed me to constantly evolve the design to better meet user expectations and achieve the project objectives. And my future work will greatly benefit from this iterative design approach, as it ensures that the end products are polished, user-centric, and technologically sound.

My strategy in developing programs is systematic and rooted in best coding practices. When creating a 3D scene like this project, I employ new developmental strategies that I learned in that week's lesson into my project. Taking something I just learned and being able to use it in a quick time frame is a skill that I will keep forever. And consistently revising, troubleshooting, modularizing my coding, allows for an overall better end product. Having that iterative methodology was evident in the milestones leading up to the project's completion. While each phase was a building block, with lessons that taught so much. Over time, my approach to developing this project or any for that matter has greatly evolved. With now being able to craft optimized, scalable, and user-focused applications.

And really computer science is so powerful that greatly aids someone's aspirations. From a smartphone to a rocket on the moon. (Which came first eh?). Even though this may be a much simpler project than a rocket or a smartphone, having the 3D scene equips me with a unique blend of creativity and technical prowess. Professionally keeping these skills as they are invaluable. The overall ability to create an engaging visual representation, whether it be for this assignment, entertainment, education, or future business solutions, is something that is in high demand. Having a good mastery of these skills, and some may be greater than others, opens the doors to roles in game development, data visualization, VR, and many other fields...which some might not even exist yet.
