# Project 3 Grocery Store Lookup & File Handling

The project provided in this repository was for a "grocery store" to take raw data and analyze it. An example was how many times were "Pears" sold today. And it would read the file and output "Pears 4". Also creating a frequency.dat file for backup housing the same output. There were other options it asked for as well as you can see in the main.cpp.

Overall this project which was the third in this class I felt like I did pretty great at the class creation, and naming conventions. Taking the time to plan this project out in comments of my code actually helped me break it down into small user stories or tasks. This allowed me to take a deep breathe and focus on one feature at a time, often into smaller problems. This was the best time in my coding history to actually do this, and understanding exactly what I needed to do. Then from there it was the problem solving, often looking up documentation throughout this project to refresh my memory in things like maps.

My main file only called one function, and my DisplayMenu function was quite slim as well. And I organized my class functions in the .cpp file in order of the menu options for better readability. But, I could have included a define guard in the class, to prevent multiple inclusion, especially if the code were to be developed further. I also could probably try to ensure there are no redundant code.

The biggest concept that I found the most challenging in this project was the the map, and iterating the file to add items to the map. As shown in my documentation and the file it was a one line piece of code, but it took me sifting the internet and documentation inquiring about maps to finally land on what I was looking for. This and saving to a new file, instead of repeating code, I called a function that I already wrote, which took some time to have no errors there. This was shown in the fileInput function at the bottom.

Some of the biggest skills I've taken away from this project are for sure the file handling, and classes. Similarly to Java and even Python it allowed me to actually put this to work. I can now say I have a much better understanding and actually going to create a small side project to read some raw data. This will help me better in having a greater understanding of programming.

Keeping this program maintanable, readable, and adaptable allows for a reader like you to look at this and have a good understanding of what I was doing. I also added documentation to this project to hopefully break down my functions and files more. This allows for the next developer to come by and make bug fixes, add new features, and overall allow for better code. This is essential in a business, especially for code in production. Also using good naming conventions is a must. And I understand companies have standards, and that is something that was stressed in other projects. So using proper functions, having good whitespace, and comments made this much easier.
